chore(react-grid-demos): add edit column with tab inline cell editing demo (#2471)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-grid/docs/guides/editing.md

End-users can click cells and thus activate in-place editors, provided that you include the `TableInlineCellEditing` plugin into the Grid's configuration. To save changes, they can move focus or press Enter. Esc discards changes and deactivates the cell editor.

> Note that plugin hasn't built-in tabulation. Users can implement in by define custom `Table.Cell` component. You can see how to override our built-in components in the [Fundamentals Guide](./fundamentals.md#customize-the-appearance).

Reviewer: `...Users can implement in by define custom...` -> `Users can implement it by defining custom`

> End-users can click cells and thus activate in-place editors, provided that you include the `TableInlineCellEditing` plugin into the Grid's configuration. To save changes, they can move focus or press Enter. Esc discards changes and deactivates the cell editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can click cells and activate in-place editors if you include the `TableInlineCellEditing` plugin in the Grid's configuration. To save changes, they can move focus or press Enter. Esc discards changes and deactivates the cell editor.
```

Reviewer 3: Looks like clicking cells and activating in-place editors are two different actions, while in fact users activate the editors by clicking the cells.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
End-users can click cells to activate in-place editors if you include the `TableInlineCellEditing` plugin in the Grid's configuration. They can move focus or press Enter to save changes, or press Esc to discard the changes and deactivate the cell editor.

Note that plugin hasn't built-in tabulation. Users can implement it by defining custom `Table.Cell` component. You can see how to override our built-in components in the [Fundamentals Guide](./fundamentals.md#customize-the-appearance).

.embedded-demo({ "path": "grid-editing/inline-cell-editing", "showThemeSelector": true })

> `TableInlineCellEditing` can be coupled with the `TableEditColumn` plugins to provide richer functionality.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`TableInlineCellEditing` does not provide the capability to add new rows. To implement it, use the `EditingState` plugin in controlled mode as shown in the following demo:
```
